I will be honest to you, this video will be quite disappointing.
Because when I discovered that there are sundial that work 24 hours a day,
I said I was filming them, but then ...
However, in clear weather, these hours work 24 hours a day. Or at least,
after 3 months of the year. Because these hours are in Longyerbyen, Svalbard,
In the Arctic Circle, and now it should be midnight.
We have a summer equinox and we are so far north that even now,
just before midnight, so I whisper, the sun is still in the sky. And he stays there for another
few months. It will come out and fit, but it will never fall behind the horizon. And what is important,
it will never be too high in the sky: this part of our Planet is never pointed
towards the sun, so the sun always appears low and close to the horizon.
For this reason the gnomon - here the part that casts the shadow - is steep, steeper than
on regular sunshine, anywhere in the world.
And here we have one really smart idea that makes sense only on sunny hours like these.
Most sundial have a gap at noon: you have to count the thickness of the shadow of the gnomon,
so in the morning you read the shadow and the afternoon from the other.
Shadow skips a gap in the middle.
But these clocks also work at midnight, so they have to jump back at some point.
That is why the scale exceeds the scale. This problem would also be solved by a very thin gnomon,
but such would probably not survive 4 months of Arctic nights,
when hours will not work at all.
It's just 1 am in the morning, we're halfway home, one mile from our hotel.
And it was just clear.
Translated by: WKM